The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them and the CCPA regulations provide guidance on how to implement the law. This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:

The right to know about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The right to delete personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information; and
The right to non-discrimination for exercising their CCPA rights.

What rights do I have under CCPA?
If you are a California resident, you may ask us to disclose what personal information they have about you and what we do with that information, to delete your personal information and not to sell your personal information. You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point we collect your personal information, of the types of personal information we are collecting and what we may do with that information. Generally, businesses cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Businesses cannot make you waive these rights, and any contract provision that says you waive these rights is unenforceable

What if im not a California resident?
Only California residents have rights under the CCPA. A California resident is a natural person (as opposed to a corporation or other business entity) who resides in California, even if the person is temporarily outside of the state.

What is considered personal information under CCPA?
Personal information is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could include your name, social security number, email address, records of products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data, fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.

What is not considered personal information under CCPA?
Personal information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records.

What can I do if I think a business violated the CCPA?
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa#:~:text=The%20CCPA%20requires%20business%20privacy,the%20Right%20to%20Non%2DDiscrimination.
